hello everybody and today I'm making a
video every single cube that i got for
christmas there's quite a few of them
here so this could be quite a long video
i want to make this video because
everybody else was making videos like
this and I want to make exactly the same
videos of every single person on YouTube
so let's get started right away here to
start off here how they just get a thing
here okay we got a picture of the most
Rubik's Cube solved while running a
marathon and that was in a 100 and then
I got this picture of felix which is an
old record but you know it's felix from
2011 so I mean you can't go wrong with a
picture of felix there's there's no
cubes in that picture I mean kind of a
little bit right there may be but I know
anything like so fastest time
blindfolded I also got a picture of that
cube my camera will focus there we go um
and that was that records been broken
just aren't ya so I mean no Arthas has a
better official time than that oops
cameras moving nobody else has done that
in their video yet so his fastest time
to solve five Keys one-handed I didn't
know that was a record but I also got
the picture of that cube and that was
one minute and 52 seconds this is
fastest seven by seven self now I
actually met this guy in subway and I
got a picture of a seven by seven for
Christmas so that is awesome and then we
got most cube solved in 24 hours and
actually I recline back broke this
record since this book was out so they
really should have done a reprint of the
book so we could get a picture of him
and the 54.6 millimeter Frank she
because I don't know what that cube is
but anyway I received a picture of that
cube for Christmas and then here is the
largest number of cubes that I got it's
a lot of cubes here this is uh most
blindfold selves they did forget to put
in one hour on here I can't removed
again and that's on me not on you ok so
got that in 53 minutes 26 529 cubes
that's been broken a lot and such so and
so most solves on a unicycle this is a
record I would actually like to break
but anyway I got the picture of that guy
with his two cubes and we got a fastest
time to solve to simultaneously
underwater and so I got a picture of
those two cubes I want to zoom in to
close on that and we got fastest feed
time which is actually a really old
record from 2009 they really should have
had the new one in here but anyway I got
a picture of that guy's feet with the
cube so that's all the cubes I got there
and then up here I got some more another
cube which is a three by three and it's
a picture of the fastest robot to solve
a cube and so that is a the fastest
robot to solve the cube this has also
been broken since then and I got a
little thing about Matt's lock down here
so I also got a little print of Matt's
fault for Christmas so that is all of
the cubes i got for christmas thank you
so very much for watching that is my
wall goodbye